there is Chris Gayle made 22 off 19 in
his first innings of the tournament
we'll wait and see if we can get it
going at a better strike rate than that
here tonight
here he goes down the ground over the
top it won't reach the rope I'll come
back for a second they offer top edge
wood first up over so far from Balaji
Gayle gets a short ball and just lashes
one to midwicket then it's not the
length you want to Bowl here at Ian's
hit stadium that's a set up beautifully
rock back in flexible Oh shot out of a
gun that is flying going over the top a
couple of bounces or maybe just the one
here is Gayle going over the top one
bounce before more or Gayle fires one
straight back between his legs that
might make him really think the short
run up he's really been reversed in a
minute did she hit that hard
that's a shin breaker full length ball
this time hammered on straight through
the legs a Miss field from Nathan whore
'it's last ball and this over here is a
full toss and it hits the colonel on one
bounce as well it's been scored New
South Wales with none for 62 against the
red backs and their first game you can
make it
none for 68 I think I'm going to just
scare that this might be the upper deck
just about there twelve off to those
watermelons might come in handy in the
crowd everyone needs one at the moment
the way Chris Gayle is striking he's
hitting him right out of the middle here
he goes again
this one wide oh it got there as well
three in a row from Chris Gayle the
follow-through from Scott Court is
getting shorter and shorter
Garfield's so is it six and one over
this is on the cards don't worry about
that
here we go again why does still it'll
bounce a couple of times for four but
Chris Gayle of just 23 deliveries is not
stuff of fifty got the foot on the pedal
here Chris Gayle is right on target
tonight the best 20 overs he can get 150
BJ 150 I disagree with that what about
three sixes seven falls a strike rate
just a lazy 217 so your want has been
for 100 centuries made in the history of
the KFC twenty20 big bash this man's on
track for number five if it keeps going
like this here he goes over the offside
this time on just inside the rope
Dougie Bolin just run 100 meters to give
some advice to Scott coin I'm not sure
what he's telling him just hit the deck
mate here at 60 or 70 meters BJ to try
and tell Scott points up there don't
bother
Gary would have said
ball in there Scotty $100 is gone
singing one and over for Chris Gayle and
the Warriors 32 Frommer's stood
flattened to the best with less bird
nest it's Chris Gayle lofts it in the
air a chant in the date and Dave Warner
takes a terrific running catch at the
end of an absolute brilliant knock from
Chris Gayle he's made 61 the score one
for 101
Steve one of 1356 runs of those 61
coming in pause and six is what a
display he has put on here tonight